	The Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) was established 
in the year 1996 with the aim of providing inclusive technology education
to students from all over India and the world and thereby creating responsible
citizens who would contribute to the betterment of their families, society and nation.
	The vision of CSE department is to emerge as a world class technology 
department through education, innovation and collaborative research.

The mission of the department is,
    To impart quality education to students.
    To create and disseminate knowledge for the betterment of mankind.
    To eastablish a center of excellence in collaboration with industries, 
    research laboratories and other agencies to meet the changing needs of society.
    To provide individual attention and enable character building.
    To encourage entrepreneurship skills among students.

The department is ISO:9001 certified and also accredited by the National Board of 
Accreditation (NBA) in the year 2003.
	In 2006, the Department has been recognized as a Centre for Research, by 
Anna University to offer Ph.D. and M.S.(By Research) programmes in collaboration 
with Anna University. The Department has the state-of-the-art facilities for various 
laboratories, a well equipped seminar hall, Wi-Fi enabled class rooms to support 
e-Learning, and a department library.

Teaching  and  Learning Enhancement:
	As a part of our regular e-Learning Initiative, that aims at effective use 
of current technology to enhance the teaching-learning process and to make it 
learner driven, the department maintains individual course pages which hosts the 
Syllabus, Lesson Plan, Lecture Notes and other reading materials at CSE Intranet.
    Periodic guest lectures, workshops are organized for the benefit of students 
to supplement their curriculum. This facilitates our students to enrich their 
knowledge and to update the current industry trends.

Research Activities:
	Five professors, Dr. C.Aravindan, Dr. Chitra Babu, Dr. R.S.Milton, 
Dr. T.T. Mirunalinee Dr. A.Chamundeswari and five Associate Professors 
Dr. R.Kanchana, Dr. J.Suresh, Dr. Shomona Gracia Jacob Dr. Felix Enigo, 
Dr. J.Bhuvana are recognized as Ph.D guides for pursuing research in 
Anna University, Chennai
    At present 21 Part time Research Scholars are pursuing their Ph.D in CSE.
    Focusing on research, Post-Graduate students are encouraged to carry out 
their projects in recent research areas.
    
